[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror thriller
film vacancy
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
after the death of their lovely son the
complaining couple david and amy
set out on their last road trip before
divorce their car gets a malfunction
halfway
luckily they find an attendant in a gas
station and have it fixed
but shortly after it collapses down
totally trapped in the dark wilderness
and losing their way
the couple have to walk back and seek
help as soon as they arrive at a
roadside motel
they hear piercing screams frightened
amy wants to leave immediately
but david presses the reception bell the
motel manager appears with the tv remote
control
to ensure that the noises are coming
from a horror movie he's watching
they check in a shabby and dusty room
seeing rusty water running from the tap
the couple decide to rest without
washing up at this moment the telephone
rings
amy picks it up but no one speaks right
after that someone knocks on their door
david opens the door but no one is there
as they wonder why
the phone rings again it is another
anonymous phone call
a loud banging on the adjacent door
occurs thinking that might be a prank
from their neighbor
david goes to the adjacent door knocks
on it and raises his voice to warn the
tenant
while he is venting out his anger the
banging sound becomes even louder
david storms into the office complains
to manager about what happened
but is told they are the only guests at
the motel possibly homeless people sneak
into the motel to stir up such troubles
manager ensures david that he will take
care of it back in the room
the banging on their door finally ends
but never ending is amy's anxiety and
fear
she reinforces that they should leave
david disagrees for he wants to get some
rest after
long hours of driving then david begins
to watch videotapes that are left on top
of their rooms tv
the grade z slasher movie shows a couple
being cruelly murdered by two masked
killers
soon david and amy realize the movies
are made in the very same room they
occupy
the layout and setting are exactly the
same even the bed and curtains are
identical
david quickly plays another videotape
the same background appears
but the victims change to another couple
this sends a chill down their spine
through a careful search david discovers
many hidden cameras in various corners
this proves snuff films are made in the
room they are sitting in
right now they are monitored they might
be the next victims in this nasty motel
the couple recall the attendant at the
gas station who offered to fix their car
he might be an accomplice as well this
explains why their car stopped halfway
amy tries to dial 9-1-1 with her mobile
phone
as the reception is poor she tries it
again but to no avail
at the same time the lights in their
room start to flicker there comes a
short but intense knock on the door
feeling the urge to escape david begins
to search for alternative exists other
than the door
it locates a window in the bathroom
without railings but it cannot be opened
at all
amy spots one blood stained apple the
very apple she left in their car
however it was not there when they just
entered the room
since then amy has not left the room
confused and terrified by such a
situation
they realize they have to escape the
motel as soon as possible
david turns off all the indoor lights to
hide in the dark
he also draws up the curtain to ensure
no one is behind
and then they rush out together to the
grove nearby unfortunately they are soon
blocked by two masked men
the couple have little choice but to
return to the room and lock the door
as they observe the two masked men
vanish in the dark
the killers enjoy terrorizing david and
amy
feeling lost at what to do the pay phone
in the yard flashes through david's mind
perhaps that can help him get the police
while amy distracts the masked men
by pretending to open the bathroom
window david secretly makes his way to
the pay phone
finally he gets to dial 9-1-1 but to his
shock the motel manager
answers it at the same time david sees a
car barging at him
he barely manages to escape the phone
booth just before the men crash their
car into it
david dashes back to the room and gets
to know this is also part of their
killing game
he realizes that turning off lights does
not help whatever they do
is laid bare before the eyes of killers
they have to fight their way out
but get no weapons then david breaks the
mirror
and wraps the broken glass with a piece
of towel in the case of a danger
this would be his weapon for
self-defense they crouch in the corner
side by side
counting on each other exhausted amy
falls into a deep sleep
she wakes up to find david watching the
videotapes the killers quiet down as amy
rests
perhaps they think that david and amy
have given up struggling
but david is hoping to get some clue
from the snuff films he blocks the
camera that is facing the television
and examines the movies as expected he
discovers that the killers did not enter
the room through the door
but via the bathroom david is reminded
of the blood-stained apple
which appears in the bathroom he
suspects there must be a hidden entrance
in the bathroom
covering the bathroom camera with a bath
curtain he begins searching for the
secret pathway
a tunnel is found below the floor mat at
this moment
a light suddenly lit up outside a truck
pulls into the parking lot
the driver looks like some ordinary man
stopping for a stay over
amy can't wait to shout for help but
david stops her
two masked killers with knives follow
the truck driver david and amy try to
warn the driver
by banging against the windows and
shouting at him
however the driver continues walking in
their direction without noticing
anything
dave is on the verge of rushing out to
stop the driver as he sees killers go
near to him
much to their surprise manager comes out
to meet the driver
and hand over some videotapes to him
david realizes he is actually here to
buy snuff
films amy feels hopeless that david
devises a plan
while the four are chatting away their
time david leads amy to escape into the
tunnel in the bathroom
this narrow tunnel leads to every room
in the motel
david and amy end up in manager's office
where video monitors are set up to tape
their room
and numerous videotapes stacked up on
the shelf
amy finds a telephone and dials nine one
one but is interrupted soon
before she can give the operator any
useful information
as manager and two masked killers come
back the couple sneak back into the
tunnel in a hurry
however the misplaced receiver and
footprints around the tunnel entrance
reveal the couple's uninvited visit to
the office moreover
the call to is not hung up in a fury
manager disconnects the telephone cord
two killers are sent into the tunnel
each in a different direction to get amy
and david
luckily david and amy end up at the auto
garage without surveillance
they overturn a shelf and put it on the
trapdoor
having been through so much amy almost
breaks down
david cares for her their love revives
in such a dire situation
they promise to spend the rest of their
lives together if they survive here
comes a police car
that rekindles the hope for amy fearing
that this is another snuff film buyer
skeptical david continues to observe
this man turns out to be a sheriff's
deputy
appearing to respond to amy's call when
manager lies that no one checks in
recently
as the officer requests to search the
room manager quickly walks away
claiming that he needs to fetch the
right key from the office
the officer tries the handle of the door
the door is not locked
he enters the room to find traces of a
fight broken television and lights
a dim light leads the officer to a
connecting door
through it he comes to david and amy's
room the broken glass
the tunnel entrance snuff films playing
on the television
are all signals of danger sensing that
the officer carefully flees with his gun
by now a killer has reached the trapdoor
of the garage he tries to push the shelf
away
while david tries to stop him amy
confirms that the officer is of help
so david and amy run to him and they all
enter the police car
but the engine wire of the car has been
cut when the officer gets out to check
under the hood
another killer shows up and kills him
instantly david and amy flee
into one of the other motel rooms
manager is not in a rush to kill david
and amy
he enjoys torturing david and amy so
that he can have more substance to make
snuff films
david ventures into the adjacent room
where there is no surveillance
he finds a safe spot up in the ceiling
while the three killers are busy
covering up the officer's death
david smashes the glass and hangs a part
of amy's shirt on the window
making it look like amy had already
escaped from the window
he hides amy inside the ceiling and
tells her to keep silent at all times
david plans to get the revolver he saw
in the office
but the killer surprise and stab him to
protect amy
david crawls out from the room before he
collapses
manager comes to film david's last
struggles with a handheld camera
after that manager comes into the room
seeing the piece of fabric hang in the
window
he thinks amy has fled he leaves the
room without further investigation
with much pain and sorrow amy endures
till morning
she painstakingly comes down and rushes
into the killer's car
fortunately the key is not pulled out as
she starts the card and drives away
a killer notices her he breaks into the
car from the sunroof
forcing her to stop the car meanwhile
another killer also appears
in her effort to fend him off while
driving she crashes the car into the
motel
terminating the two killers immediately
but amy is saved thanks to the airbag
deployed
amy then runs into the office to call
9-1-1
but she can't do it as the telephone is
without a cord
just when she is about to reach the
revolver on the shelf manager enters
knocks the revolver from amy's hands and
attempts to strangle her with a phone
cord
manager takes the chance to lash out at
amy amy has no strength to fight back
and she groans in pain sadistic manager
gladly films amy's struggle
unexpectedly amy kicks hard to smash his
balls
and grabs the revolver to shoot him to
death without any hesitation
amy runs to david and cries over his
death
however david is still alive and in
serious need of help
he merely fainted last night and escaped
further torture by accident
amy searches manager's corpse for the
telephone cord calls 9-1-1 again
and returns to comfort david thrilling
and tragic though
that motel knight has saved their broken
marriage
this is daniel cc movie channel bye